DOC-3147: Tabbing when a  was selected didn't move the selection on the `figcaption` correctly. (#3776)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.0-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== Tabbing when a `figure` was selected didn't move the selection to the `figcaption` correctly.
// #TINY-11753

> Previously, the `tab` key did not correctly handle nested components. Specifically, when a `CET` (Child Editable Text) element was placed inside a `CEF` (Container Editable Field) element such as a `figcaption`, focus behavior was unintuitive. This led to inconsistent and confusing keyboard navigation when interacting with editable nested elements like a `figcaption`.

Reviewer: it's ok, but:
CET = content editable true
CEF = content editable false

Author: @lorenzo-pomili I made the change.

> Previously, the `tab` key did not correctly handle nested components. Specifically, when a `CET` (Child Editable Text) element was placed inside a `CEF` (Container Editable Field) element such as a `figcaption`, focus behavior was unintuitive. This led to inconsistent and confusing keyboard navigation when interacting with editable nested elements like a `figcaption`.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously, the `tab` key did not correctly handle nested components. Specifically, when a `CET` (Content Editable True) element was placed inside a `CEF` (Content Editable False) element such as a `figcaption`, focus behavior was unintuitive. This led to inconsistent and confusing keyboard navigation when interacting with editable nested elements like a `figcaption`.
```
